SvelteKit 1.0 RC (#6707)
sveltejs/kit: README.md

# READ THIS FIRST!

> SvelteKit is still in release candidate status. Expect bugs and track progress towards 1.0 [here](https://github.com/sveltejs/kit/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+milestone%3A1.0).

Author: ```suggestion
SvelteKit is in its release candidate phase:
- :exclamation: expect bugs! 
- :heavy_check_mark: no more planned breaking changes
- :heavy_check_mark: countdown to a stable release
- :x: feature-complete
- :x: documented

Watch [the announcement](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8jkJTWacow&t=29628s) and track [progress towards 1.0](https://github.com/sveltejs/kit/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+milestone%3A1.0) for more details.
```
